docs(wc): Enhance wc documentation for React integration (#718)
Finastra/finastra-design-system: libs/web-components/README.md

	},  
	{  
		"from": "node_modules/@webcomponents/webcomponentsjs/webcomponents-bundle.js",  
		"to": "public/vendor/webcomponents-bundle.js"  
	}  
]
```

After this step, the **package.json** should contain:
```
"scripts": {
	"start": "react-scripts start",
	"build": "react-scripts build",
	"test": "react-scripts test",
	"eject": "react-scripts eject",
	"postinstall": "vendor-copy"
},
"vendorCopy": [  
	{  
		"from": "node_modules/@webcomponents/webcomponentsjs/custom-elements-es5-adapter.js",  
		"to": "public/vendor/custom-elements-es5-adapter.js"  
	},  
	{  
		"from": "node_modules/@webcomponents/webcomponentsjs/webcomponents-bundle.js",  
		"to": "public/vendor/webcomponents-bundle.js"  
	}  
]
```

On **index.html**, add the following scripts:
```bash
<script src="%PUBLIC_URL%/vendor/webcomponents-bundle.js"></script>  
<script>if (!window.customElements) { document.write("<!--"); }</script>  
<script src="%PUBLIC_URL%/vendor/custom-elements-es5-adapter.js"></script>  
<!--! DO NOT REMOVE THIS COMMENT, WE NEED ITS CLOSING MARKER -->
```

### Configuration for `property 'web-component-name' does not exist on type 'JSX.IntrinsicElements'`

> In case of a React application that uses Typescript, there are highly chances to encounter the error related to JSX.IntrinsicElements, as React only knows about standard HTML Elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of a React application that uses Typescript, there's a high chance to encounter the error related to JSX.IntrinsicElements, as React only knows about standard HTML Elements.
```

One of the solutions is to declare the custom web-component as part of the JSX.IntrinsicElements like this:
```bash
declare global {
 namespace JSX {
  interface IntrinsicElements {
   'web-component-name': any;
  }
 }
}
```

> #### Congrats! You're ready to integrate your first **Web Component**! 🎉

Reviewer 2: Great documentation 👏🏼 Very clear and consistent.
Could we add an example of the different steps to embed one if our web components in a React application?

Author: Thank you!

Well, this is the custom configuration to make a React application work with web-components (in general). Once the environment allows it, the usage of the wc is the same as described here for example https://github.com/Finastra/finastra-design-system/blob/master/libs/web-components/app-bar/README.md

Not sure if we should duplicate that section for one of our wc OR insert a link (maybe?!)
Something like:
#### Congrats! You're ready to integrate your first **Web Component**!  Have a look here at one of our examples! (link to app-bar documentation on here word) 🎉
